civilizationing: /ˌsɪvɪlaɪˈzeɪʃənɪŋ/ | v. | 使文明化；使开化；文明化过程 | The process of becoming civilized or causing something to become civilized.  This word is rarely used and is considered informal or non-standard. It's more common to use other phrasing to express the same idea. | 例句：The government is focusing on civilizationing the remote villages. = 政府正致力于使偏远村庄文明化。


The ongoing civilizationing of the tribes is a slow process. = 部落文明化的过程是一个缓慢的过程。


近义词：civilizing, culturing, refining, educating, developing | 反义词：barbarizing, brutalizing, dehumanizing

USAGE->
一般现在时:
They are civilizationing the rural areas. = 他们在使农村地区文明化。
The project aims to civilizationing the underdeveloped regions. = 该项目旨在使欠发达地区文明化。


一般过去时:
The missionaries civilizationed the local population. = 传教士使当地居民文明化。(This sentence is grammatically correct but stylistically awkward.  A better choice would be "The missionaries civilized the local population.")
The ancient Greeks civilizationed many aspects of their society. = 古希腊人使他们社会的许多方面文明化。(This sentence is grammatically correct but stylistically awkward. A better choice would be "The ancient Greeks civilized many aspects of their society.")


现在完成时:
They have civilizationed many aspects of their society. = 他们已经使他们社会的许多方面文明化。(This sentence is grammatically correct but stylistically awkward. A better choice would be "They have civilized many aspects of their society.")
The government has civilizationed several remote communities. = 政府已经使几个偏远社区文明化。(This sentence is grammatically correct but stylistically awkward. A better choice would be "The government has civilized several remote communities.")


过去完成时:
Before the Roman Empire, the area had not been civilizationed. = 在罗马帝国之前，该地区尚未开化。(This sentence is grammatically correct but stylistically awkward.  A better choice would be "Before the Roman Empire, the area had not been civilized.")
By the time the explorers arrived, the indigenous people had already been partially civilizationed by traders. = 到探险家到达时，土著居民已经被商人部分地文明化了。(This sentence is grammatically correct but stylistically awkward. A better choice would be "By the time the explorers arrived, the indigenous people had already been partially civilized by traders.")


将来时:
They will civilization the next village next year. = 他们明年将使下一个村庄文明化。(This sentence is grammatically correct but stylistically awkward. A better choice would be "They will civilize the next village next year.")
The program hopes to civilization the entire region within the decade. = 该项目希望在十年内使整个地区文明化。(This sentence is grammatically correct but stylistically awkward. A better choice would be "The program hopes to civilize the entire region within the decade.")


虚拟语气:
If they civilizationed those tribes, there would be fewer conflicts. = 如果他们使那些部落文明化，冲突就会减少。(This sentence is grammatically correct but stylistically awkward. A better choice would be "If they civilized those tribes, there would be fewer conflicts.")
I wish they had civilizationed the area before the war. = 我希望他们在战争前已经使该地区文明化。(This sentence is grammatically correct but stylistically awkward. A better choice would be "I wish they had civilized the area before the war.")


被动语态:
The remote villages are being civilizationed by the government. = 偏远村庄正在被政府文明化。(This sentence is grammatically correct but stylistically awkward.  A better choice would be "The remote villages are being civilized by the government.")
The area was civilizationed over many centuries. = 该地区经过几个世纪才文明化。(This sentence is grammatically correct but stylistically awkward. A better choice would be "The area was civilized over many centuries.")


疑问句:
Is the government civilizationing the remote areas effectively? = 政府有效地使偏远地区文明化了吗？(This sentence is grammatically correct but stylistically awkward. A better choice would be "Is the government civilizing the remote areas effectively?")
How long will it take to civilization this region? = 使这个地区文明化需要多长时间？(This sentence is grammatically correct but stylistically awkward. A better choice would be "How long will it take to civilize this region?")


否定句:
They are not civilizationing the area quickly enough. = 他们使该地区文明化的速度不够快。(This sentence is grammatically correct but stylistically awkward. A better choice would be "They are not civilizing the area quickly enough.")
The government did not civilization the region successfully. = 政府没有成功地使该地区文明化。(This sentence is grammatically correct but stylistically awkward. A better choice would be "The government did not civilize the region successfully.")


PHRASE->
There are no common established phrases using "civilizationing."  The verb "civilize" is preferred and used in standard English.
