lete:/liːt/ | adj. | obsolete, archaic: permitted, allowed |  No longer in common use; referring to something that was once permissible. |  "Thou art lete to go," quoth the knight. (Archaic: You are allowed to go, said the knight.) |  permitted, allowed, licit | forbidden, prohibited | adjective

USAGE->

一般现在时 (Simple Present):

Something is lete.  (Something is allowed.)
This action is lete. (This action is permitted.)


现在进行时 (Present Continuous):

The king is leteting the prisoner go. (The king is allowing/permitting the prisoner to go - archaic and unusual)
They are leteting him speak. (They are allowing him to speak - archaic and unusual)


现在完成时 (Present Perfect):

He has been lete to leave. (He has been permitted to leave - archaic)
They have lete him go. (They have allowed him to go - archaic)


现在完成进行时 (Present Perfect Continuous):

They have been leteting him stay. (They have been allowing him to stay - archaic and unusual)
He has been leteting the dog roam free. (He has been allowing the dog to roam free - archaic and unusual)


一般过去时 (Simple Past):

She was lete to enter. (She was allowed to enter.)
The guard lete them pass. (The guard allowed them to pass.)


过去进行时 (Past Continuous):

They were leteting the children play. (They were allowing the children to play - archaic and unusual)
He was leteting the water run. (He was allowing the water to run - archaic and unusual)


过去完成时 (Past Perfect):

He had been lete to see the king. (He had been allowed to see the king.)
They had lete the prisoner escape. (They had allowed the prisoner to escape.)


过去完成进行时 (Past Perfect Continuous):

They had been leteting him borrow the car. (They had been allowing him to borrow the car - archaic and unusual)
She had been leteting the cat sleep on the bed. (She had been allowing the cat to sleep on the bed - archaic and unusual)


一般将来时 (Simple Future):

He will be lete to go. (He will be allowed to go.)
They will lete her stay. (They will allow her to stay.)


将来进行时 (Future Continuous):

They will be leteting him use the computer. (They will be allowing him to use the computer - archaic and unusual)
She will be leteting the dog out. (She will be allowing the dog out - archaic and unusual)


将来完成时 (Future Perfect):

He will have been lete to leave by then. (He will have been permitted to leave by then.)
They will have lete him finish. (They will have allowed him to finish.)


将来完成进行时 (Future Perfect Continuous):

They will have been leteting him live there for years. (They will have been allowing him to live there for years - archaic and unusual)
She will have been leteting the music play all day. (She will have been allowing the music to play all day - archaic and unusual)


PHRASE->

(Due to the archaic nature of "lete," set phrases are uncommon.  The following are constructed examples illustrating potential, though unusual, usage)

Be lete to... (Be allowed to...)
He was lete to enter. (He was allowed to enter.)

Let it be lete. (Let it be permitted/allowed. -  highly unusual)
The king let it be lete that the prisoner could leave. (The king permitted the prisoner to leave.)

Is it lete? (Is it allowed?)
Is it lete to park here? (Is it allowed to park here?)

Lete him/her/them... (Allow him/her/them...)
Lete them go. (Allow them to go.)

Not lete (Not allowed/permitted)
It's not lete to smoke here. (It's not allowed to smoke here.)



注意事项:  The word "lete" is archaic and rarely used in modern English.  While grammatically correct in the examples provided, it would sound unnatural and out of place in contemporary conversation or writing.
