demain: /dəmɛ̃/ (No direct English equivalent - pronunciation approximated)| adv.|明天|Tomorrow (in French).  It's an adverb of time, indicating a future point in time, specifically the day after today.|例句：Je vais au cinéma demain.  I'm going to the cinema tomorrow.|近义词：(In English) tomorrow, the next day, the following day|反义词: (In English) yesterday, the day before, the previous day|词性: adverb

ETYMOLOGY->
From Old French *demain, from Latin *de mane “from morning”, composed of de “from” and mane “morning”.


USAGE->

一般现在时 (Simple Present):
N/A - Demain refers to the future and cannot be used in the simple present tense.

现在进行时 (Present Continuous):
N/A - Demain refers to the future and is not typically used in the present continuous tense.

现在完成时 (Present Perfect):
N/A - Demain refers to the future and cannot be used in the present perfect tense.

现在完成进行时 (Present Perfect Continuous):
N/A - Demain refers to the future and cannot be used in the present perfect continuous tense.

一般过去时 (Simple Past):
N/A - Demain inherently refers to the future.

过去进行时 (Past Continuous):
N/A - Demain inherently refers to the future.

过去完成时 (Past Perfect):
N/A - Demain inherently refers to the future.

过去完成进行时 (Past Perfect Continuous):
N/A - Demain inherently refers to the future.


一般将来时 (Simple Future):

Je partirai demain. I will leave tomorrow.

Il fera beau demain. It will be nice weather tomorrow.


将来进行时 (Future Continuous):
This tense doesn't directly translate to French usage with "demain" but can express a similar meaning.

Demain à cette heure-là, je serai en train de voyager. Tomorrow at this time, I will be traveling.

Demain, il sera en train de travailler. Tomorrow, he will be working.



将来完成时 (Future Perfect):
This tense doesn't directly translate to French usage with "demain" but can express the idea of completion before a future point.

Demain soir, j'aurai fini mon travail. Tomorrow evening, I will have finished my work.

Demain matin, il aura déjà pris son petit-déjeuner. Tomorrow morning, he will have already eaten his breakfast.



将来完成进行时 (Future Perfect Continuous):
This tense is rarely used with "demain" in French.  A construction using the future perfect would be more natural.


虚拟语气:

Si j'étais libre demain, j'irais à la plage. If I were free tomorrow, I would go to the beach.

J'aimerais bien que demain soit un jour férié. I wish tomorrow were a holiday.


被动语态:
This concept doesn't apply directly to "demain" as it's an adverb.


疑问句:

Que feras-tu demain ? What will you do tomorrow?

Quel temps fera-t-il demain ? What will the weather be like tomorrow?



否定句:

Je ne travaillerai pas demain. I will not work tomorrow.

Il ne pleuvra pas demain. It will not rain tomorrow.



PHRASE->

à partir de demain from tomorrow onwards
demain matin tomorrow morning
demain soir tomorrow evening
demain après-midi tomorrow afternoon
jusqu'à demain until tomorrow

注意事项:  Since "demain" is a French word, its usage is governed by French grammar.  The English tense equivalents provided aim to illustrate the temporal context but might not always correspond to a direct grammatical equivalent in French.
